"DLD" is a library package of C functions that performs "dynamic link
editing".  Programs that use dld can add compiled object code to or
remove such code from a process anytime during its execution.  Loading
modules, searching libraries, resolving external references, and
allocating storage for global and static data structures are all
performed at run time.

It resides in:
 ftp-swiss.ai.mit.edu:pub/scm/dld-3.2.5.src.tar.gz
 prep.ai.mit.edu:/pub/gnu/jacal/dld-3.2.5.src.tar.gz
 ftp.cs.indiana.edu:/pub/scheme-repository/imp/SCM-support/dld-3.2.5.src.tar.gz
 tsx-11.mit.edu:/pub/linux/sources/libs/dld-src-3.2.5.tar.gz
 tsx-11.mit.edu:/pub/linux/binaries/libs/dld-bin-3.2.5.tar.gz (linux binaries)

New in dld-3.2.5 is:

	From: jeffrey@thompson.itm.org
	* dld.c (Invalidate): I had to work a little to get dld 3.2.4 to
	compile on linux. gcc version 2.5.8 was complaining in dld.c that
	invalidate() was a macro. Since it was a static function, I
	changed invalidate() to Invalidate() and the complaint went away.
	I also added the typecasts to dld.c to stop the only warnings in
	the whole compilation.
	Also another little change, was adding a line to the test/Makefile
	to use /usr/lib/libc.a instead of /usr/lib/libgcc.a.

	From: Mark Lakata <lakata@sseos.lbl.gov>
	* test/Makefile (CFLAGS): At least on the Suns, the main program
	must be linked statically, e.g. "gcc -static ...".  Now all the
	examples work, except for add2.c, which doesn't compile.
	  gcc -c -g -O6 -I.. -static add2.c
	  add2.c:1: ansidecl.h: No such file or directory
	  add2.c:2: gnu-stabs.h: No such file or directory

The original, with postscript papers, is available from
prep.ai.mit.edu:pub/gnu/dld-3.2.3.tar.gz.

If you are running on a Sparc Sun4 edit dld/test/Makefile to add the
"-static" flag to CFLAGS.

From the dld directory, type `make check' (or `make' for no tests).
This will make libdld.a and then make and run the test programs in
subdirectory `test'.

Examine the output.  The output from the "general" test should look
similar to "test/EXPECTED_OUTPUT".  The other tests should print no
error messages

If this is satisfactory, typing `make install' will copy libdld.a into
/usr/local/lib/, dld.h into /usr/local/include, and dld.info into
/usr/local/info/.  These locations can be changed in "Makefile".

	Aubrey Jaffer (jaffer@zurich.ai.mit.edu)
	Tue Dec  7 22:48:22 GMT 1993

Here is the original README:
================================================================
This is dld version 3.2.3.  It currently supports VAX (Ultrix), Sun 3
(SunOS 3.4 and 4.0), SPARCstation (SunOS 4.0), Sequent Symmetry
(Dynix), and Atari ST.

To compile,  type "make".
To compile the test programs, cd to "test" and then type "make".

Changes from 3.2.1 to 3.2.3 is minimal.  Mainly contains the port to
Atari and Symmetry.  I've received quite a number of suggestions for
improvements, new features, and debugging support.  I'll incorporate
them in release 3.3--whenever I have time to work on it!

Wilson Ho (how@cs.ucdavis.edu)
Wed May 29 22:21:31 PDT 1991

P.S.  Port for Atari is contributed by Edgar Roeder.  See ChangeLog.
